hi so solos stories solely soiled some
so sorely just because of some social
stuff for some people I'll be honest
I've never been keen on prequels unless
they really add something to the story
sometimes they're clearly just made for
money because they're going off of a
very famous character people know and
that's not always a bad thing but you
kind of risk backtracking on what made
that character great it's like a twice
baked potato cooker once you're good
they get twice inside of the magic of
trash so considering some of you are
actually thinking a boycott in this
movie a movie I guess you're in luck
because it's my job to explain stuff and
then you know deal with the people who
are part of the joke police in the
comment section let me explain so this
is supposed to take place after Phantom
Menace considering that cameo and
according to the writers exactly a
decade before episode four meaning that
Han should be like 21 and legal to drink
in a cantina we see him with Khaleesi in
a galaxy far far than Westeros where
he's a known smuggler trying to escape
he gets away
Kyra doesn't but at least she was
working this haircut right here because
this one's okay but this window honey
Hughes really wants to be a pilot so
when he applies they asked him for his
last name or his people and he just says
I'm alone so this guy has either been
listening to ayahs or has seen the
original trilogy because he's the one
who names him solo how you all know
Spanish in space but there's no Mexicans
three years later solo joins Woody
Harrelson cosplaying as Walt Disney
Maeve's cosplaying as a human and little
Dickies brain and these guys are trying
to pull a fast and furious to get this
explosive energy called consume that
looks like Gatorade glacier fries but
the first time they try to get it they
fail and two of them die and also meets
chewy because they feed him to him when
he's in the army but they befriend each
other because they both speak gargle his
real name still is Chewbacca though
after escaping they go visit Paul
Bettany's whose vision in life is
clearly to stack up those Disney checks
and considering he's a crime lord he
also forces them to run to castle and
steal the consume while they're there
han also meets Keira again who's been
branded with a pokeball on her wrists
she's like Daenerys and it's kind of
playing on the evil side and there's no
doubt in my mind her British self got
that BBC she introduces them to Lando in
order to get his ship called the
Millennium something and they convince
him and female Alpha to join them and
yes this is the equal rights robot
everyone keeps talking about
and yes it's heavily implied he had sex
mock you know with this thing Lando is
like space Marlon Brando they're able to
get the consume and escape since
everyone still shoots like a
stormtrooper in this universe I I don't
get how this place looks like a laser
tag event and yet no one gets hit by
accidents like go in the hood one stray
bullet boom you done family robot is the
only one who actually takes one to the
hard drive and she gets bricked but then
Han is able to get the Kessel run by
taking the same shortcut that Dory and
Marlin took and Finding Nemo through the
jellyfish they run into the cloud riders
who are like the pre rebels rebellion
before the rebellion and one of them
pulls a Metroid because she's really a
girl it's not really a big deal but
someone in my theater gasped when when I
was revealed they end up working
together and come up with a plan to
trick vas but woody harrelson tricks Dom
since he's a spy but Han tricks them
again since he shoots first in this
movie and now a lot of fans are gonna be
really really angry Valley on Woody's
broken bosses drain dry han goes to
Tatooine to work with Jabba the Hutt and
that villain from the insidious movies
appears to talk to Kyra letting you know
that she's not only working for him but
letting us know that even though you
were cut and a half you can still get
some Robo legs and come back to life
like you did in the animated series but
somehow they can't bring back Jar Jar
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comments section to me
this is a rented I give it a rented I
know some people may have it hire some
people are boycotting this completely
but I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
probably already let me know about them
but don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a Millennium
Falcon